const faqs = [
  { q: "What is the best time to trade XAUUSD?", a: "There is no single best time that guarantees profitable trades for everyone. The London–New York overlap (approximately 12:00–16:00 UTC) is often one of the most active periods for XAUUSD, with higher liquidity and potentially tighter spreads. However, the best time for any individual depends on their strategy, availability, risk tolerance, and the specific market conditions on a given day. Some traders prefer the Asian session for range-based approaches, while others focus on the more volatile London and New York sessions for directional setups." },
  { q: "Which trading session is most active for gold?", a: "The London–New York overlap is generally considered the most active period for XAUUSD trading. During this window, both European and US market participants are active, which tends to produce the highest liquidity, the tightest spreads, and the most significant price movements. The London session alone and the New York session alone also see substantial activity, but the overlap typically represents the peak of daily participation." },
  { q: "Is the London–New York overlap good for XAUUSD?", a: "The overlap can offer favorable conditions for XAUUSD trading, including strong liquidity and tight spreads, which many traders find beneficial. However, it is also a period of elevated volatility, which means that losses can accumulate as quickly as gains. Whether this overlap is suitable for a particular trader depends on their experience level, risk tolerance, strategy, and ability to manage positions during fast market conditions. It is not automatically the right choice for everyone." },
  { q: "Can XAUUSD be traded during the Asian session?", a: "Yes. While this session generally sees lower participation and quieter price action compared to London and New York, some traders find value in observing range development and planning for the European open. The Asian session can also see increased activity around Asian economic data releases or geopolitical developments. Whether it is suitable depends on the trader's strategy and goals." },
  { q: "What time does the gold market open?", a: "There is no single global gold market open time. XAUUSD trading availability depends on your broker. Many brokers offer XAUUSD from Sunday evening through Friday evening in US time, with a daily break for maintenance or rollover. The exact hours vary between brokers. You should check your broker's contract specifications for the precise schedule." },
  { q: "Do XAUUSD trading hours change with daylight saving time?", a: "The sessions themselves do not change, but their UTC offsets shift when London and New York enter or exit daylight-saving time. London and New York change clocks on different dates, which means the relationship between session times and UTC shifts twice a year. Your broker's server time may or may not adjust for daylight saving. Verify session times relative to your local clock rather than relying on fixed offsets throughout the year." },
  { q: "How do economic events affect XAUUSD trading hours?", a: "Economic events do not change trading hours, but they can significantly affect conditions within those hours. Major US releases, Federal Reserve decisions, and geopolitical developments can cause sudden volatility spikes, spread widening, and rapid price movements. Traders should consult a reliable economic calendar and be aware of scheduled events during the sessions they plan to trade." },
  { q: "Is the most volatile time always the best time to trade gold?", a: "No. Higher volatility means larger price movements, which can benefit well-prepared traders but also increase the risk of significant losses. Volatile conditions can produce slippage, trigger stop-losses prematurely, and make emotional discipline more difficult. The best time to trade depends on the trader's plan, risk management, and whether a valid setup is present — not on how volatile the market happens to be." },
];

const faqStructuredData = {
  "@context": "https://schema.org",
  "@type": "FAQPage",
  mainEntity: faqs.map((faq) => ({
    "@type": "Question",
    name: faq.q,
    acceptedAnswer: { "@type": "Answer", text: faq.a },
  })),
};